More newbie-friendly documentation for the CodeNarc plugin regarding Groovy 3 (#28641)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/core-plugins/codenarc_plugin.adoc

| The CodeNarc libraries to use
|===

[NOTE]
====

> When there is a significant difference between the Groovy version used for compiling the code and the version that CodeNarc depends on, it's necessary to specify a specific Groovy version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CodeNarc requires a different Groovy version than that used to compile Groovy source,  you can supply one using the `codenarc` configuration.
```
